Quicktrack doc (#21419)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/wifi/wfa_qt_app/README.rst

* Platform Wireless IP Address: Wireless IP Address of the QuickTrack Test Tool platform.

DUT:

* DUT Type: It should be set to ``Station`` for STAUT and ``Access Point`` for APUT.
* DUT Control IP Address: Ethernet IP address of the DUT (It can be either a netUSB or SLIP IP).
* DUT Port: Port number on which ControlAppC service is running on the DUT.
* DUT Wireless IP Address: The wireless IP Address of the DUT, which is in the same subnet as the Platform Wireless IP Address.

.. figure:: /images/test_case_global_configuration.png
     :width: 780px
     :align: center
     :alt: Wi-Fi QuickTrack test case global configuration

     Test Case Global Configuration

Tool mode:

* Refer to section 3.3.2 in the `QuickTrack Test Tool User Manual`_  for more information.

.. figure:: /images/test_case_specific_configuration.png
     :width: 780px
     :align: center
     :alt: Wi-Fi QuickTrack test case specific configuration

     Test Case Specific Configuration

.. figure:: /images/advanced_configuration.png
     :width: 780px
     :align: center
     :alt: Wi-Fi QuickTrack advanced configuration

     Advanced Configuration

> Certification Configuration

Reviewer: Add intro text.
```suggestion
Certification Configuration
---------------------------
```

> Update Certification Bundle:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update Certification Bundle
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
```

> * Select ``Update Certification Bundle`` to launch a file browser and upload the JSON bundle to open.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Select **Update Certification Bundle** to launch a file browser and upload the JSON bundle to open.
```

Reviewer: I think this is not implemented.

.. figure:: /images/update_certification_bundle.png
     :width: 780px
     :align: center
     :alt: Wi-Fi QuickTrack update certification bundle

     Certification Configuration

> Install Private Key:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install Private Key
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
```

> *  Refer to section 3.4 in the `QuickTrack Test Tool User Manual`_  for more information.

Reviewer: Add some intro text.

> Merge Measurement Package:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Merge Measurement Package
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
```

> * If the user has multiple measurement data, this allows the user to merge them into one
>   measurement json file before uploading to the Certification System.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Merge Measurement Package** allows you to merge multiple measurement data into one measurement JSON file before uploading it to the **Certification System**.
```

> 
> Test cases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Test cases
----------
```

> * Select ``Load Application Profile`` to upload an application profile which includes all the required test cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select **Load Application Profile** to upload an application profile that includes all the required test cases.
```

.. figure:: /images/test_cases_menu.png
     :width: 780px
     :align: center
     :alt: Wi-Fi QuickTrack test cases

>      Test Cases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     Test cases
```

> Pre-requisites before starting test execution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prerequisites before starting test execution
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Before you start the test execution, ensure that the following prerequisites are met:
```

Reviewer: This seems to be not implemented.

> * DUT: Load the pre-compiled .hex file on DUT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* DUT: Load the pre-compiled :ref:`.hex` file onto the DUT.
```

.. figure:: /images/sample_output_dut.png
     :width: 780px
     :align: center
     :alt: sample output DUT

>      sample output after loading netUSB related .hex file on DUT

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     Sample output after loading netUSB related :ref:`.hex` file onto the DUT
```

> * OpenWRT AP: Start the ControlAppC service on OpenWRT AP.
> 
> Command to start the ControlAppC service on OpenWRT AP:
> 
>  .. code-block:: console
> 
>       /usr/sbin/run.sh platform

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* OpenWRT AP: Start the ControlAppC service on the OpenWRT AP.

  To start the ControlAppC service on the OpenWRT AP, use the following command:

  .. code-block:: console

     /usr/sbin/run.sh platform
```

.. figure:: /images/sample_output_openwrt_ap.png
     :width: 780px
     :align: center
     :alt: sample output openWRT AP

>      sample output on openWRT AP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     Sample output on openWRT AP
```

> * Check the Test connection in the ``Test Setup Configuration`` tab.
>   If everything is proper, a green colour checkmark will be displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Test connection: In the **Test Setup Configuration** tab, verify the test connection. 
   If everything is correct, a green checkmark will appear."
```

.. figure:: /images/test_connection.png
     :width: 780px
     :align: center
     :alt: Test connection

     Test Connection

> Tests Execution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tests execution
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
```

> * Select the required test cases from the test case list and click on Run button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Execute the tests by selecting the required test cases from the test case list and click on the :guilabel:`Run` button.
```

.. figure:: /images/running_tests.png
     :width: 780px
     :align: center
     :alt: Running test cases

>      console output while running tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     console output while running tests
```

> Test Logs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Test logs
^^^^^^^^^
```

> * At the end of every test execution, Test Logs and Cloud Reports will be stored in the path specified in
>   the ``Test configuration`` tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the end of each test execution, test logs and cloud reports will be stored in the path specified in the **Test configuration** tab.
```

See `Platform Intel Ax210 Integration Guide`_ for more details.

QuickTrack configuration settings
=================================

This section provides information on setting up the QuickTrack test tool.
It includes details on settings, certification configuration, and test cases.

Settings
--------

The following figure shows an overview of the test setup configuration settings.

.. figure:: /images/test_setup_configuration.png
     :width: 780px
     :align: center
     :alt: Wi-Fi QuickTrack test setup configuration

     Test Setup Configuration

> Tool Platform
> ^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tool Platform
```

You can adjust the Tool Platform settings by providing the following information:

* **Tool Platform IP Address** - The Ethernet IP address of the QuickTrack Test Tool platform.
* **Tool Platform Port** - The port number on which the ControlAppC service is running on the QuickTrack Test Tool platform.
* **Control Interface Port** - This is usually left at its default setting.
* **Platform Wireless IP Address** - The wireless IP Address of the QuickTrack Test Tool platform.

> Device Under Test (DUT)
> ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Device Under Test (DUT)
```

You can adjust the DUT settings by providing the following information:

* **DUT Type** - It must be set to ``Station`` for STAUT and ``Access Point`` for APUT.
* **DUT Control IP Address** - The Ethernet IP address of the DUT (it can be either a netUSB or SLIP IP).
* **DUT Port** - The port number on which ControlAppC service is running on the DUT.
* **DUT Wireless IP Address** - The wireless IP Address of the DUT, which is in the same subnet as the Platform Wireless IP Address.

The following figure shows an overview of the global configuration settings used by most test cases:

.. figure:: /images/test_case_global_configuration.png
     :width: 780px
     :align: center
     :alt: Wi-Fi QuickTrack test case global configuration

     Test Case Global Configuration

Tool mode

> ^^^^^^^^^

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Tool mode refers to different operational settings such as **Development, Pre-Certification, and Certification**.
Refer to section 3.3.2 in the `QuickTrack Test Tool User Manual`_  for more information.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Test Case Specific Configuration
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

```

The following figure shows an overview of the DUT-specific capabilities:

.. figure:: /images/test_case_specific_configuration.png
     :width: 780px
     :align: center
     :alt: Wi-Fi QuickTrack test case specific configuration

     Test Case Specific Configuration

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Advanced Configuration
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

```

     :align: center
     :alt: Wi-Fi QuickTrack test case specific configuration

     Test Case Specific Configuration

The diagram below provides an overview of the advanced configuration settings required for
test execution.

.. figure:: /images/advanced_configuration.png
     :width: 780px
     :align: center
     :alt: Wi-Fi QuickTrack advanced configuration

     Advanced Configuration

Certification Configuration
---------------------------
Certification Configuration menu provides the functionalities for test execution in
certification mode.

Update Certification Bundle
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

* Select ``Update Certification Bundle`` to launch a file browser and upload the JSON bundle to open.

.. figure:: /images/update_certification_bundle.png
     :width: 780px
     :align: center
     :alt: Wi-Fi QuickTrack update certification bundle

     Certification Configuration

Install Private Key
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

* Click on **Install Private Key** and fill the Key ID of lab key which is imported in the Certification System.

* Refer to section 3.4 in the `QuickTrack Test Tool User Manual`_  for more information.

Merge Measurement Package
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> * **Merge Measurement Package** allows you to merge multiple measurement data into one measurement JSON file before uploading it to the **Certification System**.

Reviewer: Remove the bullet.
May be "a single" instead of "one" measurement JSON file ?

Test cases
----------

The Test Cases menu is used for test case selection and execution.

Load Application Profile
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

* Select ``Load Application Profile`` to upload an application profile that includes all the

>   required test cases.

Reviewer: This seems to be not implemented.

.. figure:: /images/test_cases_menu.png
     :width: 780px
     :align: center
     :alt: Wi-Fi QuickTrack test cases

     Test Cases

Pre-requisites before starting test execution
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Before you start the test execution, ensure that the following prerequisites are met:

> * DUT: Load the pre-compiled :file:`.hex` file onto the DUT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* DUT - Load the pre-compiled :file:`.hex` file onto the DUT.
```

.. figure:: /images/sample_output_dut.png
     :width: 780px
     :align: center
     :alt: sample output DUT

     Sample output after loading netUSB related :file:`.hex` file onto the DUT

> * OpenWRT AP: Start the ControlAppC service on OpenWRT AP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* OpenWRT AP - Start the ControlAppC service on OpenWRT AP.
```

  To start the ControlAppC service on the OpenWRT AP, use the following command:

  .. code-block:: console

     /usr/sbin/run.sh platform

.. figure:: /images/sample_output_openwrt_ap.png
     :width: 780px
     :align: center
     :alt: sample output openWRT AP

     Sample output on openWRT AP

> * Test connection: In the **Test Setup Configuration** tab, verify the test connection.
>    If everything is correct, a green checkmark will appear.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Test connection - In the **Test Setup Configuration** tab, verify the test connection.
  If everything is correct, a green checkmark will appear.
```

See `Platform Intel Ax210 Integration Guide`_ for more details.

QuickTrack Configuration settings
=================================

This section provides information on setting up the Quicktrack test tool.

Settings
--------

The diagram below provides an overview of the test setup configuration settings.

.. figure:: /images/test_setup_configuration.png
     :width: 780px
     :align: center
     :alt: Wi-Fi QuickTrack test setup configuration

     Test Setup Configuration

Tool Platform
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

You can adjust the Tool Platform settings by providing the following information:

> * **Tool Platform IP Address**: Ethernet IP address of the QuickTrack Test Tool platform.
> * **Tool Platform Port**: Port number on which the ControlAppC service is running on the
> QuickTrack Test Tool platform.
> * **Control Interface Port**: It is usually left at its default setting.
> * **Platform Wireless IP Address**: Wireless IP Address of the QuickTrack Test Tool platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Tool Platform IP Address**: Ethernet IP address of the QuickTrack Test Tool platform.
* **Tool Platform Port**: Port number on which the ControlAppC service is running on the QuickTrack Test Tool platform.
* **Control Interface Port**: It is usually left at its default setting.
* **Platform Wireless IP Address**: Wireless IP Address of the QuickTrack Test Tool platform.
```

Device Under Test (DUT)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

You can adjust the DUT settings by providing the following information:

> * **DUT Type**: It must be set to ``Station`` for STAUT and ``Access Point`` for APUT.
> * **DUT Control IP Address**: Ethernet IP address of the DUT (It can be either a netUSB or SLIP IP).
> * **DUT Port**: Port number on which ControlAppC service is running on the DUT.
> * **DUT Wireless IP Address**: The wireless IP Address of the DUT, which is in the same subnet as
> the Platform Wireless IP Address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **DUT Type**: It must be set to ``Station`` for STAUT and ``Access Point`` for APUT.
* **DUT Control IP Address**: Ethernet IP address of the DUT (It can be either a netUSB or SLIP IP).
* **DUT Port**: Port number on which ControlAppC service is running on the DUT.
* **DUT Wireless IP Address**: The wireless IP Address of the DUT, which is in the same subnet as the Platform Wireless IP Address.
```

.. figure:: /images/test_case_global_configuration.png
     :width: 780px
     :align: center
     :alt: Wi-Fi QuickTrack test case global configuration

     Test Case Global Configuration

Tool mode
^^^^^^^^^

Tool mode refers to different operational settings **Development, Pre-Certification, and
Certification**.

* Refer to section 3.3.2 in the `QuickTrack Test Tool User Manual`_  for more information.

The diagram below provides an overview of the DUT specific capabilities.

.. figure:: /images/test_case_specific_configuration.png
     :width: 780px
     :align: center
     :alt: Wi-Fi QuickTrack test case specific configuration

     Test Case Specific Configuration

The diagram below provides an overview of the advanced configuration settings required for
test execution.

.. figure:: /images/advanced_configuration.png
     :width: 780px
     :align: center
     :alt: Wi-Fi QuickTrack advanced configuration

     Advanced Configuration

Certification Configuration
---------------------------
Certification Configuration menu provides the functionalities for test execution in
certification mode.

Update Certification Bundle
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> * Select ``Update Certification Bundle`` to launch a file browser and upload the JSON bundle to
> open.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Select ``Update Certification Bundle`` to launch a file browser and upload the JSON bundle to open.
```

.. figure:: /images/update_certification_bundle.png
     :width: 780px
     :align: center
     :alt: Wi-Fi QuickTrack update certification bundle

     Certification Configuration

Install Private Key
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> * Click on **Install Private Key** and fill the Key ID of lab key which is imported in the
> Certification System.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Click on **Install Private Key** and fill the Key ID of lab key which is imported in the Certification System.
```

* Refer to section 3.4 in the `QuickTrack Test Tool User Manual`_  for more information.

Merge Measurement Package
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> * **Merge Measurement Package** allows you to merge multiple measurement data into one measurement
> JSON file before uploading it to the **Certification System**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Merge Measurement Package** allows you to merge multiple measurement data into one measurement JSON file before uploading it to the **Certification System**.
```

See `Platform Intel Ax210 Integration Guide`_ for more details.

> QuickTrack configuration settings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _wifi_qt_configuration_settings:

QuickTrack configuration settings
```

---------------------------

The **Certification Configuration** menu provides the following functionalities for test execution in certification mode.

Update Certification Bundle
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Select **Update Certification Bundle** to launch a file browser and upload the JSON bundle to open.

.. figure:: /images/update_certification_bundle.png
     :width: 780px
     :align: center
     :alt: Wi-Fi QuickTrack update certification bundle

     Certification Configuration

Install Private Key
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Select **Install Private Key** and enter the Key ID of the lab key that is imported in the **Certification System**.
Refer to section 3.4 in the `QuickTrack Test Tool User Manual`_  for more information.

Merge Measurement Package
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

**Merge Measurement Package** allows you to merge multiple measurement data into single measurement JSON file before uploading it to the **Certification System**.

Test cases
----------

The Test Cases menu is used for test case selection and execution.
You can select and execute the test cases by providing the following information:

Load Application Profile
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Select **Load Application Profile** to upload an application profile that includes all the
>   required test cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select **Load Application Profile** to upload an application profile that includes all the required test cases.
```
